More info on checks, rebase-and-check (#1939)
ydb-platform/ydb: ydb/docs/en/core/development/suggest-change.md

### Precommit checks {#precommit_checks}

Prior to merging, the precommit checks are run for the Pull Request.

> For changes in the YDB code, precommit checks build YDB artifacts, and run tests as decribed in the `ya.make` files. Build/test runs on a specific commit which merges your changes to the current `main` branch. If there are merge conflicts, build/test checks cannot be run, and you need to rebase your changes as described [below](#rebase).

Reviewer: ```suggestion
For changes in the {{ ydb-short-name }} code, precommit checks build {{ ydb-short-name }} artifacts, and run tests as described in `ya.make` files. Build and test run on a specific commit which merges your changes to the current `main` branch. If there are merge conflicts, build/test checks cannot be run, and you need to rebase your changes as described [below](#rebase).
```

You can see the checks status on the Pull Request page. Also, key information for {{ ydb-short-name }} build/test checks progress and status is published to the comments of the Pull Ruquest.

> If you are not a member of the YDB team, build/test checks do not run until a team member reviews your changes and approves the PR for tests by assigning a label `ok-to-test`.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
If you are not a member of the YDB GitHub organization, build/test checks do not run until a member reviews your changes and approves the PR for tests by assigning a label `ok-to-test`.
```

Checks are restarted every time you push changes to the pull request, cancelling the previous run if it's still in progress. Each iteration of checks produces its own comment on the pull request page, so you can see the history of checks.

> If you are a member of the YDB team, you can also restart checks on a new merge commit without pushing. To do so, add label `rebase-and-check` to the PR.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
If you are a member of the YDB GitHub organization, you can also restart checks on a new merge commit without pushing. To do so, add label `rebase-and-check` to the PR.
```
